# 2.0.1 (2025-11-29)

* Relax rubyzip dependency version constraint.

## Tooling and internal changes

* Update development dependencies to later versions.
* Fix Naming/PredicateMethod cop.

# 2.0.0 (2025-08-22)

* Bump version number for RubyZip v3.0 support.
* Update to use RubyZip ~> 3.0.0.
* Update README with requirements for version 2.


## Tooling and internal changes

* Enable branch coverage analysis.
* Update Rubocop and add extensions.
* Prefer `require_relative` where appropriate.
* Deal with Rubocop offences in gemspec.
* Fix Style/RedundantReturn Rubocop offences.
* Fix Style/OptionalBooleanParameter Rubocop offences.
* Fix Performance/UnfreezeString Rubocop offences.
* Fix Layout/LineContinuationSpacing Rubocop offences.
* Fix Style/FileRead Rubocop offences.
* Fix Layout/LeadingCommentSpace Rubocop offences.
* Update GitHub Actions to use rubies >= 3.0.
* Update Minitest and properly use it.
* Remove use of JRuby object space in tests.
* Update installation of bzip2 in windows tests.

# 1.0.0 (2025-02-07)

* Fix automatic require
* Fix the Libbz2::finalizer method.

## Tooling and internal changes

* Fix tests on Windows
* Use github actions for CI
* Add require statement to the example
* Add LICENSE file
* Use Markdown for the LICENSE and tidy up the README.
* Update GitHub Actions workflows.
* Update version of Rake to fix security alert.
* Remove Pry and Guard development dependencies.
* Update minimum version of RubyZip required.
* Update MiniTest dependency.
* Add a test to ensure correct version number format.
* Add `bin/console'.
* Require MFA for RubyGems operations.
* Tighten-up RuboCop configuration.

# 0.0.1

* Initial version

## About this Changelog file

This file is, at least in part, generated by the following command:

```shell
$ git log --pretty=format:"* %s" --reverse --no-merges <commit-hash>..
```
